doc: docreview of ETH over RTT (#2806)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/eth_rtt.rst

.. _lib_eth_rtt:

Ethernet over RTT driver
########################

This driver transfers Ethernet frames using the SEGGER J-Link debugger Real-Time Transfer feature.

> It allows to sniff network data and to stream log information from a running application to an RTT client.

Author: Thanks for the info. I guess the confusion came from the JIRA thread. Fixed.

> It is meant to be used for debugging and testing purposes only.

Author: fixed

> It requires a software application on the PC side, developed specifically to handle the frames transferred via RTT channels.

Reviewer: Maybe it is better to write:
```suggestion
It requires a software application on the PC side, developed specifically to handle the data stream transferred via RTT channels.
```
to make it clear the data stream has to be decoded and validated to get the Ethernet frames out of it.

Author: fixed

Protocol description
********************

The driver transfers the frames in both directions, using the RTT up and down channels.
It does not assign any specific RTT channel number for this purpose.
To find the channels used, the software on the PC side has to search for the channels named ``ETH_RTT``.

> Since RTT is a stream-oriented protocol and Ethernet is a frame-oriented protocol, to use RTT you have to encode the Ethernet frames as follows:

Reviewer 2: Other alternative is to describe decoding process how it should look like in the application on PC side.

> Since RTT is a stream-oriented protocol and Ethernet is a frame-oriented protocol, to use RTT you have to encode the Ethernet frames as follows:

Author: @doki-nordic @grochu I fixed this part. Probably it can still be rephrased, but please check if the info is now correct.
